all youtube and welcome to one
new technology builds your video I owe
you have a video about the new ones
features of android 4.3 jelly bean
We're doing that here on the nexus
7 not white is so nice big but
because you have the one particular function
can show 4.3 so there was something on it
it's new in the update description because
directly mentioned the new google tip 1
notes system
Well, who needs I use
probably continue to evernote or
wunderlist then we get opengl 3.0
So more graphic language for better
to make graphics well I doubt times
that again from not much
will also see a bluetooth update
There were text ads for now
for bluetooth headphones
Of course that's nice as well as new
bluetooth smart low energy after that is
just behind the scenes you can tell
not really what we know about
What's new is the new camera app who
she was not worried before hello
He has gotten it with the new one now
keep the menu pressed and then simply
high through the different options
Hop this then gives and then easy
back down again to come back
that's what we have then then is me
I also noticed that, too
first read if you do not quite
sure the font is the same
a little bit slimmed down so
if you have more than one device, you can
look if he noticed something there but so
to the main update for many android
Tablet owners are now in the
location we have the users you could yes
also create a profile earlier
or share the tablet second profiles
third profile like that and then they could
Do everything with the tablet
main user could also do
but now there are restrictions
probably have enough
Parents or whatever you say danger
my on my tablets and not on
everything can
that's why google had a look and
now has the restricted profiles
So you can access it
on apps and content on your account
restrict
so I do not need to set up now
it is enough if you know that the whole
there is still the message that
even if you change your wlan around here
the short setting will turn it off
still slightly active in the background
remains unlikely googles
card service or your gps service
to improve a bit
on the one hand you get more
information on energy-efficient
Information about euro location only
about the wlan location on the other
google probably benefits
about that
because it makes them better again
Overview of the individual wlans
Well, actually everywhere in the world
what I have to say but what that
biggest or biggest advantage of 4.3
update is the tablet trend as it is
is amazing how supple that here
everything works again
There was a message from enough people
or by owning enough tablet or
especially nexxo 7 tablet own the
have said
my nex-7 will be slow over the months
then there was reports about slow
battery slow memory or or
any apps supposedly in the
Background should play crazy
but then the first rumors start
Was there then what is then but at the end
probably just was
google has now synonymous with the update
trim command introduced ssd disks
better performance better
maintenance mode installed here then what
he wants it again the place next to it
is not used because it must by the
The system is looking for longer
just how to defrag for ssds
Otherwise, lee is in the topic
trims em and the trim command 1
that was updated with now
hewn in here and apparently makes
again for old and improved
performance so I have to say in person
I have never had such a quick and
even smoothies nexus 7 is getting better
the update on android 4.3 battery runtime
I can not do anything right now
negative to say I personally think
it behaves normally as before
also and yes I think so I am
by several innovations at 4.3 are
I have not noticed so far
there's something else I can give you now
can not say with a wipe with
an additional launcher can you
Still the apps right even more targeted
restrict
it is not yet that google
that has unlocked that one
can do directly over the setting
but how do you google it?
it just probably comes then
at the next update it will be synonymous
directly struck out all free of google
that you then stop over the apps
setting the apps to
for example, expensive access to the internet
or to deny your contacts
and not just everything
but also have to accept the apps
could further restrict so that should
there have been only once
the smartphone falls to me even
what is there already found there
There are new ips for missed calls
or am you a call
you get several
selection options directly have the sms
rauszuhauen as I just can not
I call back in five minutes call me
in five minutes again or something
prefabricated commands but also
not yet active which are but
apparently already in the system somewhere
hide it so it should have been
with the innovations of android 4.0
Thanks for watching it makes it good
and until the next video